Add open source docs (#10)
onflow/contract-updater: CONTRIBUTING.md

- **Include screenshots and animated GIFs**. You can use [this tool](https://www.cockos.com/licecap/) to record GIFs on macOS and Windows, and [this tool](https://github.com/colinkeenan/silentcast) or [this tool](https://github.com/GNOME/byzanz) on Linux.
- **Explain why this enhancement would be useful** to be included in the standard.

### Pull Requests

The process described here has several goals:

- Maintain code quality
- Fix problems that are important to users

Please follow the [styleguides](#styleguides) to have your contribution considered by the maintainers.
Reviewer(s) may ask you to complete additional design work, tests, or other changes before your pull request can be ultimately accepted.

## Styleguides

Before contributing, make sure to examine the project to get familiar with the patterns and style already being used.

### Git Commit Messages

- Use the present tense ("Add feature" not "Added feature")
- Use the imperative mood ("Move cursor to..." not "Moves cursor to...")
- Limit the first line to 72 characters or less
- Reference issues and pull requests liberally after the first line

### Additional Notes

> Thank you for your interest in contributing to the Flow Token Standards!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for your interest in contributing to the Flow Contract updater!
```
